Improve sleep documentation; callout function runs list limitation (#902)
inngest/website: pages/docs/features/inngest-functions/steps-workflows/sleeps.mdx

# Sleeps

> Two step methods, `step.sleep` and `step.sleepUntil`, are available to pause the execution of your function for a specific amount of time. Your function can sleep for seconds, minutes, or days, up to a maximum of one year (seven days for account on our [free tier](/pricing)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two step methods, `step.sleep` and `step.sleepUntil`, are available to pause the execution of your function for a specific amount of time. Your function can sleep for seconds, minutes, or days, up to a maximum of one year (seven days for account on our [free tier](/pricing?ref=docs-sleeps)).
```

</GuideSection>

</GuideSelector>

<Callout variant={'info'}>
  **Sleeps and trace/log history**

>   You may notice that Inngest Cloud's Function Runs view doesn't show function runs that use sleeps longer than your [Inngest plan's](/pricing) trace & log history limit, even though the functions are still sleeping and will continue to run as expected. **This is a known limitation** in our current infrastructure and we're working to improve it.

Reviewer: **suggestions**:
* Add ref tag
* Clarify that it's not an infra limitation, it's a product limitation. We don't want to give the idea that our infrastructure cannot handle this, it's a UI/UX issue.

```suggestion
  You may notice that Inngest Cloud's Function Runs view doesn't show function runs that use sleeps longer than your [Inngest plan's](/pricing?ref=docs-sleeps) trace & log history limit, even though the functions are still sleeping and will continue to run as expected. **This is a known limitation** in our current dashboard and we're working to improve it.
```
